So let's take a look at how can we improve our model.
OK.
So we will improve our model using either by increasing number of filters or number of kernels or feature
detectors are going to be using.
So as we saw before that we only used 32 by 32 kernels or feature detectors.
We're going to increase the numbers to let's say 64 maybe 128 and we'll see what's going to happen.
OK.
That's kind of one idea the idea of improving the model.
The other element that we could do with all college dropouts.
Ok took out technique is actually very interesting and it can be used to simply drop out units out of
on your network to this network.
OK.
And what we do with that we keep learning or teaching our new networks by basically adjusting these
weights as we saw.
OK.
What we do is during training we can actually take some of the samples and actually disconnect them
or destroy them in a way.
OK.
It's kind of the art are destroying the learning process to make it better moving forward.
That's the whole intuition of running or performing dropouts.
So I guys can see here we actually drop down some neurons.
OK again we preserve some some some neurons some connections still but we drop out some neurons when
we do this.
We actually make the network in a way generalized more.
So it's not kind of fitted specifically to the training data.
It can actually generalize and look more into kind of images or features that had hasn't seen before.
OK.
So again neurons can develop co-dependancy among each other during training.
And that's why we want to overcome this by running or performing dropouts.
So job out again is kind of what we call the regularisation technique for using overfitting within your
networks.
It enables training to occur on several architecture of the network.
It's kind of you are because you're dropping some neurons.
It's kind of you are trying different architectures while training you or your network.
OK.
Again we're going to see we're not we don't need to go and actually like drop neurons when we are running
of the actual model.
It's literally like just like you know very very simple commands just drop and then you specify the
percentage of neurons you wanted to drop.
OK.
All right.
That's kind of how can we improve our model per se.
Let's take a look at the any of these strategies work or not.
OK.
Propagations I enjoyed it.
And we'll see you in the next section.